Nowadays, Android devices are really a part of our everyday life. We use an Android device to send messages, check our social media accounts, set an alarm, take down notes, capture images, watch videos, listen to music, and almost everything that we do, we do it with an Android device. Android devices are also used for business-related aspects, to monitor the productivity of work, to manage different remote sites at once, and so much more. These Android devices really have so much capabilities and features, it is not only used for personal or business related matters it can also be used as a gaming platform.

Some of the pioneer games on Android like Angry Birds, Temple Run, and Candy Crush, are some examples of a single player game, it is quite fun, addictive, simple and very easy to play, and is available to be played without internet connectivity, but a certain aspect is still absent, multiplayer capability, that is. But now that the multiplayer features on Android devices have been introduced and is being enhanced, gaming on Android devices became a trend especially to those who wants to have fun, enjoy and at the same time, socialize. Games like Clash of Clans offer the fun and enjoyment of a game and at the same time interaction with real people, but it is not available to be played without internet connectivity.

The group believes that a game is more fun, if it has multiplayer capabilities and at the same time, it could be played without internet connectivity. A game that can be played offline if playing solo, or through a local area connection for player versus player games, or through Internet if playing with other players around the globe.

The group aims to develop an Android-based game that would be able to support multiplayer function. A game that would provide fun and enjoyment to the users and at the same time, provide a challenging aspect to the game. (revision needed)
The group aims to develop an Android-based game that would have a multiplayer capability. A game that would provide a fun and exciting experience to the users and also promote social interaction with other users who also play the game.